Add Angular example (#500)
grammarly/grammarly-for-developers: examples/demo-angular/readme.md

# Demo Angular App

> This demo React app displays a `<textarea>` with sample text in it. You can use this app while exploring how to use the [Grammarly Text Editor SDK](https://developer.grammarly.com/).

Reviewer: Because this is the demo app (the one without the SDK added), the intention is for the reader to add the SDK as a learning exercise (presumably for those with an Angular project or those with experience in that framework).

I agree that we should change the introductory passage for all of these examples. I'm going to leave it out of scope here so that a separate MR can affect all of them at once with better phrasing and direction.

<img width="980" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5179225/222486863-43b05687-bbec-4e04-ba71-fb76d2b7a2ee.png">

> This demo React app displays a `<textarea>` with sample text in it. You can use this app while exploring how to use the [Grammarly Text Editor SDK](https://developer.grammarly.com/).

Reviewer: For tracking, go to PAR-2208 (internally).

## Try the demo

You can try the demo in [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/grammarly/grammarly-for-developers/tree/main/examples/demo-angular/).

Note that this demo does _not_ contain the code for using the SDK, so Grammarly suggestions will not appear in the app automatically.

## How it works

The app contains a `<textarea>`. You can add Grammarly suggestions to the `<textarea>` by creating a [new Grammarly for Developers app](https://developer.grammarly.com/apps) and then following the Quick Start instructions for a JavaScript app.

## Get the code

A copy of this code is available in the [Grammarly for Developers GitHub repo](https://github.com/grammarly/grammarly-for-developers/tree/main/examples/demo-angular).

## Ask a question

> If you want to ask a question, share a suggestion, or chat about how you're using the Grammarly Text Editor SDK in your application, join us in the [Grammarly for Developers community on GitHub](https://github.com/grammarly/grammarly-for-developers/discussions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to ask a question, share a suggestion, or chat about how you're using the Grammarly Text Editor SDK in your application, join us on the [Grammarly for Developers discussion board] (https://github.com/grammarly/grammarly-for-developers/discussions).
```
See style guide re: community. Don't think we need to repeat "on GitHub" because this code is hosted on GitHub
